[garbus] discards the potential for pathological study , exhuming instead , the skewed melodrama of the circumstantial situation . 
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification . 
about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience's meat grinder one more time . 
unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script . 
while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . 
a farce of a parody of a comedy of a premise , it isn't a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films . 
only in its final surprising shots does rabbit-proof fence find the authority it's looking for . 
isn't as sharp as the original . . . despite some visual virtues , 'blade ii' just doesn't cut it . 
barry sonnenfeld owes frank the pug big time
i approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise . 
the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just won't fly with most intelligent viewers . 
sitting through the last reel ( spoiler alert ! ) is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house . 
sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler . but never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti
it's all pretty tame . the most offensive thing about the movie is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it . 
rymer doesn't trust laughs -- and doesn't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects . 
not only are the film's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this 'we're -doing-it-for -the-cash' sequel were . 
it's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding . 
an erotic thriller that's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either . 
with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters . . . margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake . 
the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about . 
 . . . hypnotically dull . 
occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma . 
with or without ballast tanks , k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low . 
you might be shocked to discover that seinfeld's real life is boring . 
i found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent . 
the skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense . 
the whole affair is as predictable as can be . 
despite a performance of sustained intelligence from stanford and another of subtle humour from bebe neuwirth , as an older woman who seduces oscar , the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich new york intelligentsia - and its off
during the tuxedo's 90 minutes of screen time , there isn't one true 'chan moment' . 
the plot plummets into a comedy graveyard before janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel . 
one thing is for sure : this movie does not tell you a whole lot about lily chou-chou . 
why spend $9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ? 
the pool drowned me in boredom . 
it's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one . 
bad company . bad movie . just plain bad . 
it's not only dull because we've seen [eddie] murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed . 
avary's film never quite emerges from the shadow of ellis' book . 
it's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately , not very compelling or much fun . 
why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ? there's no good answer to that one . 
this slow-moving swedish film offers not even a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party . 
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that doesn't make much sense even on its own terms . 
the boys' sparring , like the succession of blows dumped on guei , wears down the story's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements . 
every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . frank mcklusky c . i . is that movie ! 
cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail's pace . 
the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality . 
viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm's performance , the film would be a total washout . 
throw smoochy from the train ! 
the result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today's hollywood . 
labute can't avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era : he's changed the male academic from a lower-class brit to an american , a choice that upsets the novel's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film . 
few of the increasingly far-fetched events that first-time writer-director neil burger follows up with are terribly convincing , which is a pity , considering barry's terrific performance . 
woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody . but i had a lot of problems with this movie . 
devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special . 
all movie long , city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast . 
there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit . 
peralta's mythmaking could have used some informed , adult hindsight . 
kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven . anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning . 
about as enjoyable , i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces . . . positively dreadful . 
surprisingly , considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy . 
the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne . 
tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house but instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel . 
the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake . 
when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger's sex life , it already has one strike against it . 
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and if you're going to alter the bard's ending , you'd better have a good alternative . 
empire can't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film . it doesn't work as either . 
possession is in the end an honorable , interesting failure . it falls far short of poetry , but it's not bad prose . 
a 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor . 
it's the type of stunt the academy loves : a powerful political message stuffed into an otherwise mediocre film . 
most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots . the movie isn't horrible , but you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave . 
the tuxedo wasn't just bad ; it was , as my friend david cross would call it , 'hungry-man portions of bad' . 
reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish . 
an exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire and just as hard a flick as its subject matter . 
woody allen has really found his groove these days . the problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another . 
the bland outweighs the nifty , and cletis tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is . 
 if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish . 
its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but little more . 
a film with a great premise but only a great premise . 
simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn . 
too silly to take seriously . 
a fifty car pileup of cliches . 
an awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating . 
a really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness . 
the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution . 
the film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive . . . 
meyjes focuses too much on max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the- making . 
the phone rings and a voice tells you you've got seven days left to live . then you get another phone call warning you that if the video isn't back at blockbuster before midnight , you're going to face frightening late fees . o . k . , not really . 
the film's overall mood and focus is interesting but constantly unfulfilling . 
decent but dull . 
it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness . 
each scene wreaks of routine ; the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense . 
feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime . . . and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work . 
the piano teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control . 
the film wasn't preachy , but it was feminism by the book . 
cattaneo should have followed the runaway success of his first film , the full monty , with something different . 
how this one escaped the lifetime network i'll never know . 
to be influenced chiefly by humanity's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for god's sake ! -- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw . 
love liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit . 
the innocence of holiday cheer ain't what it used to be . 
the film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of america's indigenous people , but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get . 
if the movie were all comedy , it might work better . but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness . 
loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness . 
there's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms isn't it . 
an uplifting , largely bogus story . 
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway . 
charming , if overly complicated . . . 
smothered by its own solemnity . 
at the one-hour mark , herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion . 
 . . . too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be . 
a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches . 
hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound . 
a baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise . 
rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them . 
you might say tykwer has done all that heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-kieslowski a pun as possible . suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled . 
complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold . 
meyjes's movie , like max rothman's future , does not work . 
some elements of it really blow the big one , but other parts are decent . 
the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads . 
the doofus-on- the-loose banter of welcome to collinwood has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it . and as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content isn't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is . 
don't even bother to rent this on video . 
the film doesn't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences . 
less worrying about covering all the drama in frida's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie . 
 . . . stale and uninspired . 
 . . . the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank . 
this movie is so bad , that it's almost worth seeing because it's so bad . 
for those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new star wars installment hasn't escaped the rut dug by the last one . 
drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story . 
sunshine state surveys the landscape and assesses the issues with a clear passion for sociology . but the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed . 
large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year's radar screen that it's tempting just to go with it for the ride . but this time , the old mib label stands for milder isn't better . 
as the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , [franco] has all of dean's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability . 
'synthetic' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree . 
the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal . 
doesn't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez . 
it's super- violent , super-serious and super-stupid . 
it's splash without the jokes . 
hollywood ending just isn't very funny . 
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here , but a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary . 
a blair witch- style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast . 
it is too bad that this likable movie isn't more accomplished . the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward . 
 " what john does is heroic , but we don't condone it , " one of the film's stars recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture's moral schizophrenia . 
once ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window . 
i found myself more appreciative of what the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done . 
a very depressing movie of many missed opportunities . 
it's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate . 
to be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed . 
one just waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters . 
the corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption . 
in the new guy , even the bull gets recycled . 
patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary . 
the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy . 
cacoyannis is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and labored gentility . 
includes too much obvious padding . 
don't expect any subtlety from this latest entry in the increasingly threadbare gross-out comedy cycle . 
shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors . . . 
conforms itself with creating a game of 'who's who' . . . where the characters' moves are often more predictable than their consequences . 
they ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering . 
'all in all , reign of fire will be a good ( successful ) rental . '
the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances . 
murder by numbers just doesn't add up . 
 . . . a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional . 
the screenplay by james eric , james horton and director peter o'fallon . . . is so pat it makes your teeth hurt . 
now here's a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud . 
alternative medicine obviously has its merits . . . but ayurveda does the field no favors . 
more dutiful than enchanting . . . terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat . 
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent . 
rarely has leukemia looked so shimmering and benign . 
overall the film feels like a low-budget tv pilot that could not find a buyer to play it on the tube . 
shrewd but pointless . 
once the 50 year old benigni appears as the title character , we find ourselves longing for the block of wood to come back . 
if the movie succeeds in instilling a wary sense of 'there but for the grace of god , ' it is far too self-conscious to draw you deeply into its world . 
though catch me if you can isn't badly made , the fun slowly leaks out of the movie . 
so much facile technique , such cute ideas , so little movie . 
while [hill] has learned new tricks , the tricks alone are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film . 
under 15 ? a giggle a minute . over age 15 ? big fat waste of time . 
in the end , we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love , chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest . 
the twist that ends the movie is the one with the most emotional resonance , but twists are getting irritating , and this is the kind of material where the filmmakers should be very careful about raising eyebrows . 
uncommonly stylish but equally silly . . . the picture fails to generate much suspense , nor does it ask searching enough questions to justify its pretensions . 
confirms the nagging suspicion that ethan hawke would be even worse behind the camera than he is in front of it . 
makes for some truly odd , at times confusing , kids entertainment . . . but at least this time there's some centered storytelling to go along with all the weird stuff . 
chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama . 
it's as if you're watching a movie that was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed and released now , when it has become even weaker . 
on the bright side , it contains jesse ventura's best work since the xfl . 
too often , the viewer isn't reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance . 
to call the other side of heaven " appalling " would be to underestimate just how dangerous entertainments like it can be . 
the words , 'frankly , my dear , i don't give a damn , ' have never been more appropriate . 
so unremittingly awful that labeling it a dog probably constitutes cruelty to canines . 
a perplexing example of promise unfulfilled , despite many charming moments . 
for all the writhing and wailing , tears , rage and opium overdoses , there's no sense of actual passion being washed away in love's dissolution . 
 " the time machine " is a movie that has no interest in itself . it doesn't believe in itself , it has no sense of humor…it's just plain bored . 
the script isn't very good ; not even someone as gifted as hoffman ( the actor ) can make it work . 
walter hill's pulpy , stylized boxing melodrama undisputed nearly overcomes its questionable in-the-ring match-up with solid fight choreography and gritty prison authenticity . 
it has all the excitement of eating oatmeal . 
an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc . 
stealing harvard aspires to comedic grand larceny but stands convicted of nothing more than petty theft of your time . 
even the finest chef can't make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog , and robert de niro can't make this movie anything more than a trashy cop buddy comedy . 
comes . . . uncomfortably close to coasting in the treads of the bicycle thief . 
it's mighty tedious for the viewer who has to contend with unpleasant characters , hit-and-miss performances and awkwardly staged scenes . 
 . . . the film suffers from a lack of humor ( something needed to balance out the violence ) . . . 
burns never really harnesses to full effect the energetic cast . 
an overemphatic , would-be wacky , ultimately tedious sex farce . 
has all the depth of a wading pool . 
this is the sort of burly action flick where one coincidence pummels another , narrative necessity is a drunken roundhouse , and whatever passes for logic is a factor of the last plot device left standing . 
the so-inept- it's-surreal dubbing ( featuring the voices of glenn close , regis philbin and breckin meyer ) brings back memories of cheesy old godzilla flicks . 
a noble failure . 
at once half-baked and overheated . 
there's a solid woman- finding-herself story somewhere in here , but you'd have to dig pretty deep to uncover it . 
its story may be a thousand years old , but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us ? 
manages to be somewhat well-acted , not badly art-directed and utterly unengaging no matter how hard it tries to be thrilling , touching or , yikes , uproarious . 
there are plot holes big enough for shamu the killer whale to swim through . 
the movie , directed by mick jackson , leaves no cliche unturned , from the predictable plot to the characters straight out of central casting . 
combining quick-cut editing and a blaring heavy metal much of the time , beck seems to be under the illusion that he's shooting the latest system of a down video . 
the action switches between past and present , but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide . 
instead of hiding pinocchio from critics , miramax should have hidden it from everyone . 
manages to be both repulsively sadistic and mundane . 
 . . . a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the linux cause . 
a cheerful enough but imminently forgettable rip-off of [besson's] earlier work . 
there's no emotional pulse to solaris . with an emotional sterility to match its outer space setting , soderbergh's spectacular swing for the fence yields only a spectacular whiff . 
it takes talent to make a lifeless movie about the most heinous man who ever lived . 
may reawaken discussion of the kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen . 
perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie . 
it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment . 
this is so bad . 
some of their jokes work , but most fail miserably and in the end , pumpkin is far more offensive than it is funny . 
schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies , and it might as well be the resuscitation of the middle-aged character . 
the story drifts so inexorably into cliches about tortured ( and torturing ) artists and consuming but impossible love that you can't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods on . 
to say analyze that is de niro's best film since meet the parents sums up the sad state of his recent career . 
soul is what's lacking in every character in this movie and , subsequently , the movie itself . 
while the film misfires at every level , the biggest downside is the paucity of laughter in what's supposed to be a comedy . 
for the most part , the ingredients are there . but an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents nettelbeck's film from coming together . 
this dramatically shaky contest of wills only reiterates the old hollywood saw : evil is interesting and good is boring . 
before long , the film starts playing like general hospital crossed with a saturday night live spoof of dog day afternoon . 
we are left with a superficial snapshot that , however engaging , is insufficiently enlightening and inviting . 
i hated every minute of it . 
[t]hose same extremes prevent us from taking its message seriously , and the stepford wives mentality doesn't work in a modern context . 
director ferzan ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building . but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person . 
a compendium of solondz's own worst instincts in under 90 minutes . 
little more than a frothy vanity project . 
this series should have died long ago , but they keep bringing it back another day as punishment for paying money to see the last james bond movie . 
it's tough , astringent , darkly funny and . . . well , it's also generic , untidy , condescending and mild of impact rather than stunning . 
the final result makes for adequate entertainment , i suppose , but anyone who has seen chicago on stage will leave the theater feeling they've watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal . 
there is not a character in the movie with a shred of plausibility , not an event that is believable , not a confrontation that is not staged , not a moment that is not false . 
where last time jokes flowed out of cho's life story , which provided an engrossing dramatic through line , here the comedian hides behind obviously constructed routines . 
somehow both wildly implausible and strangely conventional . 
sets up a nice concept for its fiftysomething leading ladies , but fails loudly in execution . 
director clare kilner's debut is never as daft as it should have been . 
it's hard to tell with all the crashing and banging where the salesmanship ends and the movie begins . 
a dreadful live-action movie . 
all i can say is fuhgeddaboutit . 
oedekerk wrote patch adams , for which he should not be forgiven . why he was given free reign over this project -- he wrote , directed , starred and produced -- is beyond me . 
scotland , pa . blurs the line between black comedy and black hole . 
a modest and messy metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers . 
there's suspension of disbelief and then there's bad screenwriting . . . this film packs a wallop of the latter . 
better at putting you to sleep than a sound machine . 
when a set of pre-shooting guidelines a director came up with for his actors turns out to be cleverer , better written and of considerable more interest than the finished film , that's a bad sign . a very bad sign . 
diane lane shines in unfaithful . almost everything else is wan . 
the title helpfully offers the most succinct review of it you'll read anywhere . 
rates an 'e' for effort -- and a 'b' for boring . 
the reason we keep seeing the same movie with roughly the same people every year is because so many of us keep going and then , out of embarrassment or stupidity , not warning anyone . 
these spiders can outrun a motorcycle and wrap a person in a sticky cocoon in seconds , but they fall short of being interesting or entertaining . 
matthew mcconaughey tries , and fails , to control the screen with swaggering machismo and over-the-top lunacy . 
desperately unfunny when it tries to makes us laugh and desperately unsuspenseful when it tries to make us jump out of our seats . 
it would be hard to think of a recent movie that has worked this hard to achieve this little fun . 
sometimes smart but more often sophomoric . 
the ill-conceived modern-day ending falls flat where it should deliver a moral punch . 
feels like six different movies fighting each other for attention . 
the picture is a primer on what happens when lack of know-how mixes with lack of give-a-damn . 
not only does the movie fail to make us part of its reality , it fails the most basic relevancy test as well . 
even as lame horror flicks go , this is lame . 
melanie eventually slugs the yankee . too bad the former murphy brown doesn't pop reese back . 
…a big , baggy , sprawling carnival of a movie , stretching out before us with little rhyme or reason . 
 . . . the film falls back on the same old formula of teen sex , outrageous pranks and scenes designed to push the envelope of bad taste for laughs . 
the only thing in pauline and paulette that you haven't seen before is a scene featuring a football field-sized oriental rug crafted out of millions of vibrant flowers . 
an instant candidate for worst movie of the year . 
adam sandler is to gary cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse . 
these people wouldn't know subtle characterization if it put on a giant furry monster costume and then gave them a lapdance . 
the noble tradition of men in drag hits an all-time low in sorority boys , whose makers apparently believe that women's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction . 
the performances are so leaden , michael rymer's direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud . 
the film is directed by wally wolodarsky from a script by joe jarvis and greg coolidge . these are names to remember , in order to avoid them in the future . 
the plot is so predictable and sentimental that viewers are likely to lose interest before sandrine and her goats walk off into the sunset . 
while the film shuns the glamour or glitz that an american movie might demand , scherfig tosses us a romantic scenario that is just as simplistic as a hollywood production . 
an awkward and indigestible movie . 
the movie is too cute to take itself too seriously , but it still feels like it was made by some very stoned college students . 
if you pitch your expectations at an all time low , you could do worse than this oddly cheerful -- but not particularly funny -- body-switching farce . 
though the book runs only about 300 pages , it is so densely packed . . . that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production like mr . schepisi's seems skimpy and unclear . 
hey , at least the title of this film lets you know exactly where it's heading . 
i'd give real money to see the perpetrators of chicago torn apart by dingoes . 
aaliyah rarely dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with townsend . when she speaks , her creepy egyptian demigod voice is as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music . 
black-and-white and unrealistic . 
this film , starring anthony hopkins and chris rock , is your typical 'fish out of water' story . you've seen them a million times . just one problem : fish out of water usually die . this one does . 
the film's bathos often overwhelms what could have been a more multifaceted look at this interesting time and place . 
frustratingly , dridi tells us nothing about el gallo other than what emerges through his music . 
the plot is straight off the shelf , the performances are television- caliber and the message of providing solace through deception is a little creepy . 
if this is the danish idea of a good time , prospective tourists might want to consider a different destination -- some jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war , perhaps . 
when the painted backdrops in a movie are more alive than its characters , you know you're in trouble . 
though ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of way , there's nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention . 
the smug , oily demeanor that donovan adopts throughout the stupidly named pipe dream is just repulsive . 
this limp gender-bender-baller from a first-time director and rookie screenwriter steals wholesale from that 1982's tootsie , forgetting only to retain a single laugh . 
fear dot com is so rambling and disconnected it never builds any suspense . 
a semi-autobiographical film that's so sloppily written and cast that you cannot believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it . 
the element of surprise might be the only thing femme fatale has going for it . 
every so often a movie comes along that confirms one's worse fears about civilization as we know it . the new guy is one of them . 
the film's center will not hold . 
the cast is so low-wattage that none of the characters comes off as big . . . and the setting remains indistinct . 
you would be better off investing in the worthy emi recording that serves as the soundtrack , or the home video of the 1992 malfitano-domingo production . 
the only thing that could possibly make them less interesting than they already are is for them to get full montied into a scrappy , jovial team . 
don't waste your money . 
this film is full of rabbits . brimful . but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance . 
i weep for the future when a good portion of the respected critical community in this country consider blue crush to be an intelligent film about young women . 
i kept wishing i was watching a documentary about the wartime navajos and what they accomplished instead of all this specious hollywood hoo-ha . 
the movie makes absolutely no sense . its underlying mythology is a hodgepodge of inconsistencies that pose the question : since when did dumb entertainment have to be this dumb ? 
that zhang would make such a strainingly cute film -- with a blind orphan at its center , no less -- indicates where his ambitions have wandered . 
suffocated at conception by its munchausen-by-proxy mum . punish the vehicle to adore the star . 
pumpkin struts about with " courage " pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back . 
sheridan . . . smoothes over sources of conflict that could have lent the film a bit more depth . 
unfortunately , the picture failed to capture me . i found it slow , drab , and bordering on melodramatic . 
what's at stake in this film is nothing more than an obsolete , if irritating , notion of class . 
just how extreme are these ops ? i regret to report that these ops are just not extreme enough . 
 . . . has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor — but it's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake- of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity . 
it's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it's just grating . 
[evans is] a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie . 
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter's invention . 
a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel . 
reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness . 
originality is sorely lacking . 
for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed 'surprises . '
this story of unrequited love doesn't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour . 
this angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in ordinary people . 
[less a movie than] an appalling , odoriferous thing . . . so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you'll want to crawl up your own * * * in embarrassment . 
i couldn't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy . 
what madonna does here can't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it's moving and it's talking and it's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once . 
the movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue , but there's just not much lurking below its abstract surface . 
it's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction . 
the good thing -- the only good thing -- about extreme ops is that it's so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my thanksgiving to-do list . 
with its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment , it's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés . 
mostly the film is just hectic and homiletic : two parts exhausting men in black mayhem to one part family values . 
has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes . 
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr . drew barrymore . 
like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , comedian runs out of steam after a half hour . 
i could just feel the screenwriter at every moment 'tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away' on this screenplay . 
roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion . 
a worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special . 
the origin story is well told , and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books . it's in the action scenes that things fall apart . 
seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie . 
sadly , 'garth' hasn't progressed as nicely as 'wayne . '
the first hour is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie . 
this is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie . 
has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies . . . 
the film virtually chokes on its own self-consciousness . 
a puzzle whose pieces do not fit . some are fascinating and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movie . 
dramatically lackluster . 
entertaining enough , but nothing new
in spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers , apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice . 
plods along , minus the twisted humor and eye-popping visuals that have made miike . . . a cult hero . 
hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock's imaginative flight to shyamalan's self-important summer fluff . 
barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference . 
how many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ? 
the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment . 
the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they won't much care about . 
if the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you , the simplistic heaven will quite likely be more like hell . 
a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged . 
none of birthday girl's calculated events take us by surprise . . . 
it's exactly the kind of movie toback's detractors always accuse him of making . 
priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal . 
this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it . 
very well made , but doesn't generate a lot of tension . 
although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success . 
sad nonsense , this . but not without cheesy fun factor . 
while the transgressive trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull , rodrigues's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative . 
they threw loads of money at an idea that should've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans . 
it's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of [woo's] best work . 
one of those so-so films that could have been much better . 
crossroads feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama . 
an overwrought taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship . 
it's not the worst comedy of the year , but it certainly won't win any honors . 
more of an intriguing curiosity than a gripping thriller . 
it's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue . 
scooby-doo doesn't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick . 
jam-packed with literally bruising jokes . every five minutes or so , someone gets clocked . 
wins my vote for 'the 2002 enemy of cinema' award . 
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , 'ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '
troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal . 
there's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film's simple title . 
presents a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency . 
we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat . 
according to the script , grant and bullock's characters are made for each other . but you'd never guess that from the performances . 
the animation merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies . 
a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless . 
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing . 
the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat . 
the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale
the movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive . 
five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before . 
la de salma es una versión de frida superficial , preciosista y sin ningún contenido . 
the rock has a great presence but one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer cgi effects . 
opera on film is never satisfactory . the art demands live viewing . the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen . 
plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp . 
just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be . 
the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself . she's a cipher , played by an actress who smiles and frowns but doesn't reveal an inner life . 
what with the incessant lounge music playing in the film's background , you may mistake love liza for an adam sandler chanukah song . 
the movie's heavy-handed screenplay navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness . 
she's not yet an actress , not quite a singer . . . 
unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs . 
sheridan's take on the author's schoolboy memoir . . . is a rather toothless take on a hard young life . 
its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life . 
it's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere . 
something must have been lost in the translation . 
 " the tuxedo " should have been the vehicle for chan that " the mask " was for jim carrey . alas , it's the man that makes the clothes . 
there ain't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it's hilarious . 
i enjoyed the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was . 
no cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces wild . 
there is nothing redeeming about this movie . 
to me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy . 
unfortunately , one hour photo lives down to its title . thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film . 
seems like someone going through the motions . 
one sloughs one's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot . 
it's fitfully funny but never really takes off . 
borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion . 
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question 'why ? '
it's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c . h . o . still feels like a promising work-in-progress . 
falls short in explaining the music and its roots . 
despite slick production values and director roger michell's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours . 
feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together . 
there's an epic here , but you have to put it together yourself . 
what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else . 
plays like john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders . 
tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination . 
a dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment . 
freundlich's made [crudup] a suburban architect , and a cipher . 
neither a rousing success nor a blinding embarrassment . still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered . 
it recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera . 
i'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business , but surely it doesn't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks . 
many of benjamins' elements feel like they've been patched in from an episode of miami vice . 
godard's ode to tackling life's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess . . . in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that's unfocused and tediously exasperating . 
overly long and worshipful bio-doc . 
feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake . 
what could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination . 
depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived . only masochistic moviegoers need apply . 
epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star . 
one of the worst films of 2002 . 
i believe silberling had the best intentions here , but he just doesn't have the restraint to fully realize them . 
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government/ marine/legal mystery , and that's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue . 
the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise . 
any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things . 
the soupy end result has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun , too . 
we can't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie . unfortunately , we'd prefer a simple misfire . 
'wouldn't it be nice if all guys got a taste of what it's like on the other side of the bra ? '
the secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again . 
romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong . they cheapen the overall effect . 
an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound . 
not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans . 
fairly run-of-the-mill . 
the film was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) . 
potty-mouthed enough for pg-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults . 
mckay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative . 
the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung . 
[jackson and bledel] seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd . 
an uplifting drama . . . what antwone fisher isn't , however , is original . 
all the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams . 
what's most offensive isn't the waste of a good cast , but the film's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism . 
sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness . 
the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum's good intentions . 
time of favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation . 
whatever about warning kids about the dangers of ouija boards , someone should dispense the same advice to film directors . 
if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $8 and get ready for the big shear . this is one baaaaaaaaad movie . 
the story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long . 
feels slight , as if it were an extended short , albeit one made by the smartest kids in class . 
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year's worst cinematic tragedies . 
the animation is competent , and some of the gags are quite funny , but jonah . . . never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment . 
one thing's for sure—if george romero had directed this movie , it wouldn't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head . 
the locale . . . remains far more interesting than the story at hand . 
inconsequential road-and-buddy pic . 
the great pity is that those responsible didn't cut their losses – and ours – and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home . 
instead of using george and lucy's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george's haplessness and lucy's personality tics . 
whether quitting will prove absorbing to american audiences is debatable . 
unfortunately , contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and woo's over-the-top instincts as a director undermine the moral dilemma at the movie's heart . 
when 'science fiction' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience hasn't yet had much science , it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre . 
the leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting . 
the film's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence . 
there is nothing funny in this every-joke-has- been-told-a- thousand-times- before movie . 
the film's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed crudup out of pre-9/11 new york and onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind . 
scotland , pa is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept . 
there's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity . 
the film's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut . 
while the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think . 
it's a long way from orwell's dark , intelligent warning cry [1984] to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation . 
starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera . 
beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce . . . lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments . 
starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion . 
feels like nothing quite so much as a middle-aged moviemaker's attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women . 
hilarious musical comedy though stymied by accents thick as mud . 
the feature-length stretch . . . strains the show's concept . 
master of disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours . 
it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it's just a weird fizzle . 
this is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio . 
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice . 
the plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish . 
it just goes to show , an intelligent person isn't necessarily an admirable storyteller . 
kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) . 
the movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you . 
the movie strains to stay on the light , comic side of the issue , despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself . 
what [frei] gives us . . . is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows . 
the film is way too full of itself ; it's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way . 
hart's war seems to want to be a character study , but apparently can't quite decide which character . 
the sight of the name bruce willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture , but the film has a lot more on its mind--maybe too much . 
simone is not a bad film . it just doesn't have anything really interesting to say . 
once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional . 
the threat implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying – like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming . 
wouldn't it be funny if a bunch of allied soldiers went undercover as women in a german factory during world war ii ? um , no . but here's a movie about it anyway . 
mushes the college-friends genre ( the big chill ) together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap operas . 
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation . . . well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care . 
you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood isn't going to jell . 
the film's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting . 
festers in just such a dungpile that you'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you . 
there's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue . 
no amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script . 
ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay . 
this is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives . 
blue crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky " pretty woman " retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought . 
`martin lawrence live' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show . 
the filmmakers are playing to the big boys in new york and l . a . to that end , they mock the kind of folks they don't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers don't care to understand , either . 
the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who can't get out of his own way . 
the sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset . 
aptly named , this shimmering , beautifully costumed and filmed production doesn't work for me . 
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny . 
no amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story . 
is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ? 
clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . 
one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i've ever seen . 
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck . 
some movies can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff . stealing harvard can't even do that much . each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth . 
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is . 
an " o bruin , where art thou ? " -style cross-country adventure . . . it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack . 
blade ii has a brilliant director and charismatic star , but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation . 
any film that doesn't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss . 
it's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary . 
