emerges as something rare , an issue movie that's so honest and keenly observed that it doesn't feel like one . 
take care of my cat offers a refreshingly different slice of asian cinema . 
a thoughtful , provocative , insistently humanizing film . 
not for everyone , but for those with whom it will connect , it's a nice departure from standard moviegoing fare . 
while it would be easy to give crush the new title of two weddings and a funeral , it's a far more thoughtful film than any slice of hugh grant whimsy . 
the story loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that's even less plausible than the rest of the picture . much of the way , though , this is a refreshingly novel ride . 
a real movie , about real people , that gives us a rare glimpse into a culture most of us don't know . 
tender yet lacerating and darkly funny fable . 
behind the snow games and lovable siberian huskies ( plus one sheep dog ) , the picture hosts a parka-wrapped dose of heart . 
this may not have the dramatic gut-wrenching impact of other holocaust films , but it's a compelling story , mainly because of the way it's told by the people who were there . 
between the drama of cube ? s personal revelations regarding what the shop means in the big picture , iconic characters gambol fluidly through the story , with charming results . 
run , don't walk , to see this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen . 
tim allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy . 
engagingly captures the maddening and magnetic ebb and flow of friendship . 
it extends the writings of jean genet and john rechy , the films of fassbinder , perhaps even the nocturnal works of goya . 
with the film's striking ending , one realizes that we have a long way to go before we fully understand all the sexual permutations involved . 
[drumline] is entertaining for what it does , and admirable for what it doesn't do . 
purely propaganda , a work of unabashed hero worship , it is nonetheless -- and likely inadvertently -- a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role that u . s . foreign policy has played in the rise of castro . 
moore's performance impresses almost as much as her work with haynes in 1995's safe . 
behan himself knew how to spin a tale and one can't help but think he'd appreciate this attempt to turn his life into art . 
though mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic , its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a jules and jim for the new millennium . 
it's almost impossible not to be moved by the movie's depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in post-soviet russia . 
the new guy does have a heart . now , if it only had a brain . 
the film's greatest asset is how much it's not just another connect-the-dots , spy-on-the-run picture . 
an amusing , breezily apolitical documentary about life on the campaign trail . 
it's a terrific american sports movie and dennis quaid is its athletic heart . 
attal mixes comedy with a serious exploration of ego and jealousy within a seemingly serene marriage . 
yeah , these flicks are just that damn good . isn't it great ? 
over-the-top and a bit ostentatious , this is a movie that's got oodles of style and substance . 
if you liked such movies as notting hill , four weddings and a funeral , bridget jones' diary or high fidelity , then you won't want to miss about a boy . 
bubba ho-tep is a wonderful film with a bravura lead performance by bruce campbell that doesn't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it . 
a hip ride into hyper-time , clockstoppers is a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time . 
an impressive if flawed effort that indicates real talent . 
few films this year have been as resolute in their emotional nakedness . 
despite its flaws , secretary stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions . 
not everything works , but the average is higher than in mary and most other recent comedies . 
this version's no classic like its predecessor , but its pleasures are still plentiful . 
provide[s] nail-biting suspense and credible characters without relying on technology-of-the-moment technique or pretentious dialogue . 
 . . . breathes surprising new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its not-so-stock characters . 
hayek is stunning as frida and . . . a star-making project . 
as a revenge thriller , the movie is serviceable , but it doesn't really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions . 
possession is elizabeth barrett browning meets nancy drew , and it's directed by . . . neil labute . hmm . 
having never been a huge fan of dickens' 800-page novel , it surprised me how much pleasure i had watching mcgrath's version . 
the best thing the film does is to show us not only what that mind looks like , but how the creative process itself operates . 
this romantic thriller is steeped in the atmosphere of wartime england , and ably captures the speech patterns , moral codes and ideals of the 1940s . 
 " antwone fisher " is an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by washington . it won't rock any boats but is solid meat-and-potatoes filmmaking . 
very solid , very watchable first feature for director peter sheridan
offers enough playful fun to entertain the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude . 
ice cube holds the film together with an engaging and warm performance . . . 
claude miller airs out a tight plot with an easy pace and a focus on character drama over crime-film complications . 
rich in detail , gorgeously shot and beautifully acted , les destinees is , in its quiet , epic way , daring , inventive and refreshingly unusual . 
do we really need a 77-minute film to tell us exactly why a romantic relationship between a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman doesn't work ? 
this is a happy throwback to the time when cartoons were cinema's most idiosyncratic form instead of one of its most predictable . 
good movie . good actress . but if you expect light romantic comedy , good gosh , will you be shocked . 
but tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde's droll whimsy helps " being earnest " overcome its weaknesses and parker's creative interference . . . 
awkward but sincere and , ultimately , it wins you over . 
although life or something like it is very much in the mold of feel-good movies , the cast and director stephen herek's polished direction pour delightfully piquant wine from aged bottles . 
reinforces the often forgotten fact of the world's remarkably varying human population and mindset , and its capacity to heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes . 
has a shambling charm . . . a cheerfully inconsequential diversion . 
an incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams . 
there's not much more to this adaptation of the nick hornby novel than charm -- effortless , pleasurable , featherweight charm . 
barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful . 
director benoit jacquot , making his first opera-to-film translation with tosca , conveys the heaving passion of puccini's famous love-jealousy- murder-suicide fandango with great cinematic innovation . 
nervy and sensitive , it taps into genuine artistic befuddlement , and at the same time presents a scathing indictment of what drives hollywood . 
a marvellous journey from childhood idealism to adolescent self-absorption . 
the film's real appeal won't be to clooney fans or adventure buffs , but to moviegoers who enjoy thinking about compelling questions with no easy answers . 
at its best , the good girl is a refreshingly adult take on adultery . . . 
a work of the utmost subtlety and perception , it marks the outstanding feature debut of writer-director eric byler , who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy . 
grant gets to display his cadness to perfection , but also to show acting range that may surprise some who thought light-hearted comedy was his forte . 
earns its laughs from stock redneck 'types' and from the many , many moments when we recognize even without the elizabethan prose , the play behind the thing . 
though the controversial korean filmmaker's latest effort is not for all tastes , it offers gorgeous imagery , effective performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding . 
achieves a sort of filmic epiphany that revels in the true potential of the medium . 
 " auto focus " works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era
this concoction , so bizarre to the adult mind , is actually a charming triumph where its intended under-12 audience is concerned . 
droll caper-comedy remake of " big deal on madonna street " that's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate " bellini " begins to look like a " real kaputschnik . " 
there is a refreshing absence of cynicism in stuart little 2--quite a rarity , even in the family film market . eventually , it wins you over . 
despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show . . . represents a spectacular piece of theater , and there's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it . 
a compelling portrait of moral emptiness
 . . . blade ii is more enjoyable than the original . 
finds a way to tell a simple story , perhaps the simplest story of all , in a way that seems compelling and even original . 
a stunning piece of visual poetry that will , hopefully , be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in australia's film history . 
culkin , who's in virtually every scene , shines as a young man who uses sarcastic lies like a shield . 
francophiles will snicker knowingly and you'll want to slap them . 
frailty isn't as gory or explicit . but in its child-centered , claustrophobic context , it can be just as frightening and disturbing -- even punishing . 
much monkeyfun for all . 
thrilling , provocative and darkly funny , this timely sci-fi mystery works on so many different levels that it not only invites , it demands repeated viewings . 
lauren ambrose comes alive under the attention from two strangers in town - with honest performances and realistic interaction between the characters , this is a coming-of-age story with a twist . 
a candid and often fascinating documentary about a pentecostal church in dallas that assembles an elaborate haunted house each year to scare teenagers into attending services . 
a captivating cross-cultural comedy of manners . 
highlights are the terrific performances by christopher plummer , as the prime villain , and nathan lane as vincent crummles , the eccentric theater company manager . 
this time out , [sade] is an unsettlingly familiar figure -- in turns loyal and deceitful , responsible and reckless , idealistically selfless and coldly self-interested . 
a comic gem with some serious sparkles . 
you'll gasp appalled and laugh outraged and possibly , watching the spectacle of a promising young lad treading desperately in a nasty sea , shed an errant tear . 
made me unintentionally famous — as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby . but believe it or not , it's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i've seen . 
although occasionally static to the point of resembling a stage play , the film delivers a solid mixture of sweetness and laughs . 
building slowly and subtly , the film , sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations , develops into a significant character study that is both moving and wise . 
it's refreshing to see a girl-power movie that doesn't feel it has to prove anything . 
a must-see for the david mamet enthusiast and for anyone who appreciates intelligent , stylish moviemaking . 
the magic of the film lies not in the mysterious spring but in the richness of its performances . 
bogdanovich tantalizes by offering a peep show into the lives of the era's creme de la celluloid . 
if you can stomach the rough content , it's worth checking out for the performances alone . 
has a lot of the virtues of eastwood at his best . 
will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues . 
the old-world- meets-new mesh is incarnated in the movie's soundtrack , a joyful effusion of disco bollywood that , by the end of monsoon wedding , sent my spirit soaring out of the theater . 
a subtle and well-crafted ( for the most part ) chiller . 
no sophomore slump for director sam mendes , who segues from oscar winner to oscar-winning potential with a smooth sleight of hand . 
ruzowitzky has taken this mothball-y stuff and made a rather sturdy , old-fashioned entertainment out of it . 
there has always been something likable about the marquis de sade . 
in all , this is a watchable movie that's not quite the memorable experience it might have been . 
the far future may be awesome to consider , but from period detail to matters of the heart , this film is most transporting when it stays put in the past . 
by candidly detailing the politics involved in the creation of an extraordinary piece of music , [jones] calls our attention to the inherent conflict between commerce and creativity . 
worth watching for dong jie's performance -- and for the way it documents a culture in the throes of rapid change . 
beneath clouds is a succinct low-budget film whose compelling characters and intelligent script are exactly what was missing from rabbit-proof fence . 
audrey tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm , and in this literate french comedy , she's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in amélie . 
maneuvers skillfully through the plot's hot brine -- until it's undone by the sogginess of its contemporary characters , and actors . 
not since tom cruise in risky business has an actor made such a strong impression in his underwear . 
what time is it there ? is not easy . it haunts you , you can't forget it , you admire its conception and are able to resolve some of the confusions you had while watching it . 
for movie lovers as well as opera lovers , tosca is a real treat . 
 the film is powerful , accessible and funny . you won't miss its messages , but you'll be entertained as well . 
a muckraking job , the cinematic equivalent of a legal indictment , and a fairly effective one at that . 
the movie's relatively simple plot and uncomplicated morality play well with the affable cast . 
one from the heart . 
generally provides its target audience of youngsters enough stimulating eye and ear candy to make its moral medicine go down . 
an appealingly juvenile trifle that delivers its share of laughs and smiles . 
smith is careful not to make fun of these curious owners of architectural oddities . instead , he shows them the respect they are due . 
a mess when it comes to the characters and writing . . . but works its way underneath the skin like few movies have in recent memory . 
'de niro . . . is a veritable source of sincere passion that this hollywood contrivance orbits around . '
another one of those estrogen overdose movies like " divine secrets of the ya ya sisterhood , " except that the writing , acting and character development are a lot better . 
featuring a dangerously seductive performance from the great daniel auteuil , " sade " covers the same period as kaufmann's " quills " with more unsettlingly realistic results . 
it's a work by an artist so in control of both his medium and his message that he can improvise like a jazzman . 
director andrew niccol . . . demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame . his healthy sense of satire is light and fun . . . . 
more timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food . 
certainly the performances are worthwhile . 
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale's tale -- you won't be sorry ! 
it celebrates the group's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his 'angels of light . '
familiar but utterly delightful . 
that it'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that 'the urge to destroy is also a creative urge' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating . 
a movie that at its best doesn't just make the most out of its characters' flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection . 
a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket . 
what could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young woman's tragic odyssey . 
poignant and delicately complex . 
flawed , but worth seeing for ambrose's performance . 
with dirty deeds , david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen . 
a sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work . 
stands as one of the year's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be . 
this english-language version . . . does full honor to miyazaki's teeming and often unsettling landscape , and to the conflicted complexity of his characters . 
would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker if 26-year-old reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic . 
affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things . 
 . . . there is enough originality in 'life' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens . 
there's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing . 
the last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful . mr . koshashvili is a director to watch . 
those who aren't put off by the film's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them . 
it's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties . 
a hugely rewarding experience that's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones's diary . 
if there's no art here , it's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days . 
i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound . 
this masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short . 
the pianist [is] a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life . here is a divine monument to a single man's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music . 
as an introduction to the man's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it's invaluable . 
hollywood ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless . 
i've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie . 
well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious . 
ultimately , " mib ii " succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it can't be dismissed as mindless . 
strip it of all its excess debris , and you'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie . as it is , it's too long and unfocused . 
a gripping drama . 
director david jacobson gives dahmer a consideration that the murderer never game his victims . 
it's burns' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown . 
plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel . 
alain choquart's camera barely stops moving , portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving conduct a perpetual sense of urgency , which , for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating . 
os universos de chuck barris e charlie kaufman são complementares . e igualmente fascinantes . 
the bodily function jokes are about what you'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie . 
the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye . 
there's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau . 
despite besson's high-profile name being wasabi's big selling point , there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film's thoroughly winning tone . 
a witty , trenchant , wildly unsentimental but flawed look at the ins and outs of modern moviemaking . 
the entire cast is extraordinarily good . 
a heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope . 
highly watchable stuff . 
'it's better to go in knowing full well what's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists . cynics need not apply . '
 " red dragon " is entertaining . an obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ? but it is entertaining on an inferior level . it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see . 
as any creature-feature fan knows , when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures , you get a lot of running around , screaming and death . on that score , the film certainly doesn't disappoint . 
it provides a grim , upsetting glimpse at the lives of some of the 1 . 2 million palestinians who live in the crowded cities and refugee camps of gaza . 
steers has an unexpectedly adamant streak of warm-blooded empathy for all his disparate manhattan denizens--especially the a * * holes . 
efficient , suitably anonymous chiller . 
 . . . the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sand's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form . 
a creaky staircase gothic . 
a movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like you've actually spent time living in another community . 
isabelle huppert excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol's most intense psychological mysteries . 
a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie . 
surprisingly powerful and universal . 
it's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive . 
even if you have no interest in the gang-infested , east-vs . -west coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate . 
pacino and williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film . what results is the best performance from either in years . 
life on the rez is no picnic : this picture shows you why . 
it's the type of film about growing up that we don't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least . 
you live the mood rather than savour the story . 
while scorsese's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that " gangs " is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about . 
a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy . 
a reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , spielberg knows how to tell us about people . 
 . . . hits every cliche we've come to expect , including the assumption that " crazy " people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny . 
the strong subject matter continues to shock throughout the film . not everyone will play the dark , challenging tune taught by the piano teacher . 
you may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear . 
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch . 
deepa mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world . 
the stripped-down dramatic constructs , austere imagery and abstract characters are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt . 
could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals . 
this is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer . 
twist open the ouzo ! it's time to let your hair down – greek style . a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe . 
very well-written and very well-acted . 
together , miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey . 
the film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it's in danger of going wrong . 
terry is a sort of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man . 
better than the tepid star trek : insurrection ; falls short of first contact because the villain couldn't pick the lint off borg queen alice krige's cape ; and finishes half a parsec ( a nose ) ahead of generations . 
inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss . 
it's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can . 
a classy , sprightly spin on film . 
a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth . 
fulfills the minimum requirement of disney animation . 
 with one exception , every blighter in this particular south london housing project digs into dysfunction like it's a big , comforting jar of marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness . 
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture . 
[woo's] most resonant film since the killer . 
collateral damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it weren't . 
maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is . 
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia . 
it's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible . 
offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of beijing . 
even if you've seen " stomp " ( the stage show ) , you still have to see this ! 
although it doesn't always hang together -- violence and whimsy don't combine easily -- " cherish " certainly isn't dull . 
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves . 
canada's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people . 
see scratch for the history , see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion . 
a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord . 
 . . . a story , an old and scary one , about the monsters we make , and the vengeance they take . 
a brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel . 
a moving and weighty depiction of one family's attempts to heal after the death of a child . 
diggs and lathan are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film . 
i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 . cinematic poetry showcases the city's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything . 
the story line may be 127 years old , but el crimen del padre amaro . . . couldn't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment . 
it shows us a slice of life that's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable . 
a wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture . 
a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades . 
it's a film that's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio's animated classics . 
if you're not totally weirded- out by the notion of cinema as community-therapy spectacle , quitting hits home with disorienting force . 
cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio . 
overall , it's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love . 
although commentary on nachtwey is provided . . . it's the image that really tells the tale . 
clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up . 
sex is one of those films that aims to confuse . 
[moore's] better at fingering problems than finding solutions . but though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more . 
campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful . 
the delicious trimmings…arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute…with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two . 
standing by yourself is haunting . . . [it's] what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction . 
intelligent and moving . 
if there's one big point to promises , it's that nothing can change while physical and psychological barriers keep the sides from speaking even one word to each other . 
i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive . 
discursive but oddly riveting documentary . 
there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers don't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies . 
everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing . 
it's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , and barry's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile . 
not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season . 
if this movie leaves you cool , it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative . 
that 'alabama' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) . . . 
 . . . flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags . 
will you go ape over this movie ? well , it probably won't have you swinging from the trees hooting it's praises , but it's definitely worth taking a look . 
even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it's documenting . 
rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material . 
'blue crush' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award . 
like an episode of mtv's undressed , with 20 times the creativity but without any more substance . . . indulgently entertaining but could have and should have been deeper . 
it's not just a feel-good movie , it's a feel movie . you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did . 
implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all . 
a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea . 
birthday girl doesn't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency . 
you may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet . 
exhilarating but blatantly biased . 
it understands , in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking . 
 . . . a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind . 
'si bien no logra desarrollarse como un gran drama , tampoco es tan superficial como muchas cintas que pecan de pretenciosas y que resultan totalmente banales . '
one thing you have to give them credit for : the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company's previous video work . 
it asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up . 
'barbershop " is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story . 
a good thriller . 
the rich performances by friel -- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english -- round out the square edges . 
romanek's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals . beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures . 
at the film's centre is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his mid-seventies , michel piccoli . 
at once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious . 
kosminsky . . . puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting . 
its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart . 
bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time . 
like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film . 
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he's easy to like and always leaves us laughing . 
[d]espite its familiar subject matter , ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing . . . 
what 'dumb and dumber' would have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script . 
at its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture . 
in a summer of clones , harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects . 
it's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers don't make often enough . 
13 conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful , but sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister , karen sprecher , don't seem ever to run out of ideas . 
foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill . 
sayles is making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations to carry forward into the next generation . 
chicago pode até ser um filme divertido e cativante ( como é ) , mas acaba representando um passo que vai na direção contrária à evolução dos musicais . 
a thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy . 
nicholson's understated performance is wonderful . as warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he's neglected over the years . 
all three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents . 
plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas' wounded and wounding uncle ralph . it's a great performance and a reminder of dickens' grandeur . 
an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick . 
steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches . 
while most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world . 
marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula . 
you may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes won't still be tapping . 
at times the guys taps into some powerful emotions , but this kind of material is more effective on stage . it's not a motion picture ; it's an utterly static picture . 
soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film . what's left is a rich stew of longing . 
feardotcom's thrills are all cheap , but they mostly work . 
stuart's poor-me persona needs a whole bunch of snowball's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating . but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan , the adventure is on red alert . 
though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal . 
in its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation . 
she may not be real , but the laughs are . 
an edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era . 
craig bartlett and director tuck tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters . 
 " mr . deeds " is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought . 
for most of its footage , the new thriller proves that director m . night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo . 
many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember . so could young romantics out on a date . 
some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since " saving private ryan " have been recreated by john woo in this little-known story of native americans and their role in the second great war . 
a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic . 
we've seen it all before in one form or another , but director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world's greatest teacher . 
what could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking . 
a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional . 
with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi's , dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy . 
one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace . 
the film's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths . entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn . 
a witty , low-key romantic comedy . 
a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary . 
even if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski , it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken . 
harmless fun . 
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter . 
it is an indelible epic american story about two families , one black and one white , facing change in both their inner and outer lives . 
quite simply , a joy to watch and--especially--to listen to . 
alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and isn't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience . 
samuel beckett applied to the iranian voting process . 
kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story . parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults . 
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud . 
it's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism . 
a respectable venture on its own terms , lacking the broader vision that has seen certain trek films . . . cross over to a more mainstream audience . 
i don't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he's made at least one damn fine horror movie . 
[has] an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it's all true . 
it treats ana's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film . 
to honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed . 
a modestly surprising movie . 
[kline's] utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who can't quite live up to it . 
the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness . 
[it's] a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest . 
pipe dream does have its charms . the leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly . 
those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to ichi . 
to get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of dr . freud . 
a manically generous christmas vaudeville . 
tony gayton's script doesn't give us anything we haven't seen before , but director d . j . caruso's grimy visual veneer and kilmer's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably . 
while puerile men dominate the story , the women shine . 
unlike lots of hollywood fluff , this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises . 
depending upon your reaction to this movie , you may never again be able to look at a red felt sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles . 
i couldn't recommend this film more . 
me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story . scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects . 
a flick about our infantilized culture that isn't entirely infantile . 
an exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama . 
sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching . 
proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they can't go wrong . better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh . an excellent sequel . 
like all of egoyan's work , ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious . 
spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don' t know an orc from a uruk-hai . 
the film reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style . the difference is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations . 
this is a very funny , heartwarming film . it has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect . 
now as a former gong show addict , i'll admit it , my only complaint is that we didn't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show . 
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair's film is an absolute delight for all audiences . 
amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop . 
the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie . 
a pure participatory event that malnourished intellectuals will gulp down in a frenzy . 
cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most . 
it excels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope . 
a tasty slice of droll whimsy . 
the result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that wasn't at least watchable . but it's also disappointing to a certain degree . 
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich . 
'a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients . 
a film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships . 
a b-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget . 
really is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart . 
that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle . 
with a large cast representing a broad cross-section , tavernier's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of " his girl friday , " maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes . 
the spaniel-eyed jean reno infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart . 
unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge . 
directed with purpose and finesse by england's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft . 
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions . 
this big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow . 
the case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause . 
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite . it's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones . 
smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play . 
'aunque recurre a ciertos clichés del género , la poderosa actuación de robin williams perdona las fallas del guión . '
it's still adam sandler , and it's not little nicky . and for many of us , that's good enough . 
has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre . 
this is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography . 
this 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than i'd expected it to be . 
in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players . 
the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor's doorstep . but the actors make this worth a peek . 
massoud's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner ( and ultimately the victim ) of history . 
drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band . 
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we've somehow never seen before . 
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching . 
eight legged freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer . 
a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ‘direct-to-video' release . 
more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9 ½ weeks , unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema . 
beating the austin powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness . 
despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed . 
[a] strong piece of work . 
romantic , riveting and handsomely animated . 
mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness . 
as directed by dani kouyate of burkina faso , sia lacks visual flair . but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them . 
most haunting about " fence " is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen . noyce's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us
world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it's certainly an honest attempt to get at something . 
if you've the patience , there are great rewards here . 
watching e . t now , in an era dominated by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas , one is struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision . 
over the years , hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor . 
one of the most original american productions this year , you'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state . 
the slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters . 
even if the ring has a familiar ring , it's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror . 
the sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shines through every frame . 
it has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out . 
an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks . 
bill morrison's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful . 
there are problems with this film that even 3 oscar winners can't overcome , but it's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling . 
it will break your heart many times over . 
really quite funny . 
 . . . works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once . 
until ( the ) superfluous . . . epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve , die another day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any james bond thriller . 
will certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about . 
although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real . 
a well-executed spy-thriller . 
it certainly won't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time . 
dog soldiers doesn't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it . 
manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting . 
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing
the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved . . . this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture . 
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie weren't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is . 
it's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful . 
wise and deadpan humorous . 
sensitively examines general issues of race and justice among the poor , and specifically raises serious questions about the death penalty and asks what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do . 
ryosuke has created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation on the meaning and value of family . 
you may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject . 
it's . . . worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts . 
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun . 
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it . 
late marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love . 
a bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events . 
 . . . bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film . 
painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed . 
all the filmmakers are asking of us , is to believe in something that is improbable . 
while not quite " shrek " or monsters , inc . " , it's not too bad . it's worth taking the kids to . 
twenty years after its first release , e . t . remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg's misunderstood career . 
while we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for blade ii . 
my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy . in the end , though , it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more . 
both garcia and jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny . 
witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions . it's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor . like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs . 
precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family . anyone else seen this before ? 
martyr gets royally screwed and comes back for more . 
try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment . 
evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet's " house of games " and last fall's " heist " so much fun . 
grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length
the performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times . 
macdowell . . . gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she's ever done . 
an eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , 'spy kids 2' is a visual treat for all audiences . 
straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it . 
apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen . 
a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman . 
carrying off a spot-on scottish burr , duvall ( also a producer ) peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper . 
both damning and damned compelling . 
reminiscent of alfred hitchcock's thrillers , most of the scary parts in 'signs' occur while waiting for things to happen . 
denver should not get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of vanessa redgrave's career . it deserves to be seen everywhere . 
drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth . 
a heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego . 
poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures . 
buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role . 
in my opinion , analyze that is not as funny or entertaining as analyze this , but it is a respectable sequel . 
a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director anthony friedman's similarly updated 1970 british production . 
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie . 
cockettes has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of those days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie . 
director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity . and there's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together . 
it's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas . 
like brosnan's performance , evelyn comes from the heart . 
a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties . 
as well-acted and well-intentioned as all or nothing is , however , the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good . 
if you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you'll see del toro has brought unexpected gravity to blade ii . 
 " . . . something appears to have been lost in the translation this time . the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . " 
[washington's] strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene . 
 . . . a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job . . . 
like kissing jessica stein , amy's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor . 
a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events . 
although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipino-americans and their frantic efforts to find love . 
nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one . 
as relationships shift , director robert j . siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc . 
examines its explosive subject matter as nonjudgmentally as wiseman's previous studies of inner-city high schools , hospitals , courts and welfare centers . 
in imax in short , it's just as wonderful on the big screen . 
does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character's story . 
the rare imax movie that you'll wish was longer than an hour . 
i've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we've got something pretty damn close . 
if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like tim mccann's revolution no . 9 . 
plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision . 
would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ? do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man's body ? if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy . 
an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh . 
the engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion . 
made-up lampoons the moviemaking process itself , while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on america's skin-deep notions of pulchritude . 
suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers . 
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time . 
the symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees . i wanted more . 
a solidly entertaining little film . 
from both a great and a terrible story , mr . nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience . 
scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . yes , soar . 
an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular . 
if you open yourself up to mr . reggio's theory of this imagery as the movie's set . . . it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change . 
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was earnest . 
simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful and exquisitely sad . 
as allen's execution date closes in , the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator david presson . 
tells ( the story ) with such atmospheric ballast that shrugging off the plot's persnickety problems is simply a matter of ( being ) in a shrugging mood . 
by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best . 
peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments . 
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but " spider-man " certainly delivers the goods . 
the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons . 
often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part . 
the best film of the year 2002 . 
lan yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery . 
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly . . . 
many insightful moments . 
the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film's problems . 
peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience . 
the performances are an absolute joy . 
both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , what time is it there ? may prove to be [tsai's] masterpiece . 
provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all . 
